Therapist Garrett  00:01
Okay, Jonathan, good to meet you. Thanks for coming in. Let's just start by you telling me about what you wanted to come in for what you want to talk about what you hope to get out of this experience.

Jonathan  00:14
Yeah, thanks. It's been it's been a bit thinking about getting help for her, a long time. And I just feel like it's in my interest and taught that therapies for the weak. And I don't, I don't know that this is going to do anything for me. But my wife really just kind of pushed me to do it. And thanks for seeing me. I don't really want to bother you and take up your time. But with my stupid issues, but I think, for me, the problem right now is I'm just lacking motivation at work. I have lacking motivation. And go going to the gym, I used to go to the gym all the time, I used to be in really good shape. And now I'm just kind of fat. And I don't really watch what I eat anymore. I don't know what's going on. 

Therapist Garrett  01:08
Okay. When you say lacking motivation, what does that look like? What does it sound like?

Jonathan  01:15
Well, it sounds like the TV on, right? And it looks like I don't know, maybe like old me over eating. I just don't seem to care as much. But then when I look in the mirror, I'm just like, that guy who is that guy? And he's fat. And he's ugly. And he's bald. And he's almost 50. So but then I know what I know how to fix it. Right? I know, I've done this on my whole life. I know, I could just go to the gym and, and work a program, but I just don't. I drive by. And I'm like, I don't know.

Therapist Garrett  01:55
How long ago did this start happening? When When did you notice the change from when you were motivated and taking care of yourself to when things shifted?

Jonathan  02:07
That I I've never thought of that.

Therapist Garrett  02:10
Because there's a lot of reasons that people can lose motivation, right? Sometimes we lose motivation, because we're bored. Sometimes we lose motivation, because there's other stuff going on in our life that just takes priority. Sometimes we lose motivation, because there's something else going on. And I want to help you in just kind of figuring out where this started. Because maybe that can give us some inroads into where we take this.

Jonathan  02:34
I'd say probably maybe April, May, maybe May of last year. Yeah, it's been. It's been over a year now.

Therapist Garrett  02:47
Yeah, what was going on in your life around that?

Jonathan  02:50
Well, my dad died, then. And my wife and I weren't really getting along that well, which was odd, because I kind of feel like I went through that, you know, my dad's death kind of on my own. 

Therapist Garrett  03:07
Yeah, 

Jonathan  03:08
I didn't really have a ton of support there. I don't really have any friends. So, I don't know, maybe all that has maybe all that kind of work together.

Therapist Garrett  03:17
I appreciate you sharing that with me. You know, it's just good to know some of these, like other factors that could be playing into it. And my guess is that you when you walked in and decided to talk to me today, it's probably not the direction you saw this going, though.

Jonathan  03:31
You're gonna tell me to just quit being such a pussy and get to the gym?

Therapist Garrett  03:35
Yeah, I mean, I could say that we found it to be not super effective therapy, when we say things like that. But you know, that's what you need, we can definitely get there.

Jonathan  03:45
Ok

Therapist Garrett  03:47
 No, and so just kind of knowing that this is like taking a turn down that road. I just want to make sure like, Would you be okay, talking about the things that were going on in your life a little over a year ago? Or is this just Garrett, I'm letting you know, but we're gonna leave that over there helped me with what I'm going through right now.

Jonathan  04:07
No, yeah, I'm open to talking about it. I mean, and you know, I talk about it here and there with my siblings and with my mom, but I haven't really talked to anybody else about that. So I'm open to it. 

Therapist Garrett  04:20
Okay.  Did you want to do that today? Or do you want to kind of leave that for another time?

Jonathan  04:25
Oh, man. Well, I feel like the session could be over already. Yeah.

Therapist Garrett  04:29
No, understandable. So let's do this. Let's let's shelve talking about that. Until the next time we meet let's just spend the rest of our time just kind of focusing on this other stuff. And then you can have some time before we meet next to kind of simmer on those and when you come back in here you can let me know where you're at. Okay, I mean, I'm fine going into the past and and taking a look at some of that stuff, but I'm also fine Just meet me where you are right now. With a here's what I walked in for here's what I want to do , here's what I want to get back to 

Jonathan  05:01
got it 

Therapist Garrett  05:02
I'm good with both of us awesome 

Jonathan  05:04
All right well thanks Garrett I'll see you next week 

Therapist Garrett  05:06
yep sounds good okay bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai